Add scim to okta and azure ad (#1506)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/sso-rbac/sso-providers/saml/jumpcloud.md

![JumpCloud Group configuration](/img/sso/jumpcloud/JumpcloudGroupConfig.png)

4. Click `Save`.

## SCIM Configuration

> Jumpcloud SAML applications supports [SCIM](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jumpcloud SAML applications support [SCIM](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim). 
```

> To set up SCIM for Jumpcloud SAML based applications, contact Port's support team. You will be provided with an SCIM `endpoint` and `token` which are required to set up the SCIM integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up SCIM for Jumpcloud SAML based applications, contact Port's support team.

You will be provided with:
- An SCIM `endpoint`
- An SCIM `token`

 The `endpoint` and `token` will be used to set up the SCIM integration in your identity provider.
```
